what's that little dude hello number two
what are you doing reading the
dictionary i'm on my 4th one wow how
bored you used to be well at least this
one's in english right anyway what am I
hang out with you for a while if I say
no will you please go away no these days
cool listen to some words if we must
what first stop for superior i-gos
superior noun 1 who is above another in
rank station or office the head of a
religious house or order one that
surpasses another in quality or merit
sees eminence what see xemnas how could
he get is on injury in the dictionary
he's with superior person excuse well
we'll get a hop
xemnas now number one in organization 13
head of the no police have lost their
heart and are working to build our own
Kingdom Hearts to regain such see whore
was you do let me see that oh my god
hards that is awesome Holden Edwards
find the man sex thing look you know
poor a woman who practices promiscuous
sexual intercourse for hire see
prostitute well go
prostitute a male who engages in sexual
practices for money a person as a writer
painter who deliberately debase himself
for his talents as for money yeah that's
assuming an individual who indulge in
promiscuous sexual relationships
especially for money see xigbar what
sees a bar hope you thing how do they
know hard night uh you know I don't want
to put on a mission I need to go take
care of like in the next few minutes so
i'll see you around you know what are
finding here